before we begin let me start by saying
science is our survival depends on
strong family units but the second you
see folks eating flesh and blood you
throw your flesh and blood to the folks
and run the stars of our movie today are
one smart loner and a whole lot of edges
play our story begins with brother and
sister who have lost their family call
dear old dad and brothers like bad
enough mom held you up at church this
morning now she sends us out here to put
the same dad blame cross on Dad's babe I
don't put here three times cuz she can't
do her own Creek yourself I bet you I
could whisper down to dad right now say
what you doing now now and he just say
and then only the lonely well let's just
call him Lester lonely Lester has a nice
ring to it
he sees how close these two siblings are
he just want a hug then they have a
little acid in while they're
roughhousing and then he goes full
sister hug so sister tries to say
goodbye and she chokes tries to walk
away and she stumbles and this may look
a little extreme but you'll know ones
like to be lonely Lester
so Sisko trying to pull a 5-mile and now
peel out road Lester go get Joe Cardo
den sister has no bling Katori Hall
movie automobile mishap I don't know how
they'd been got that big if I'm a PI ok
so she finds a farmhouse and Lester
still creeping up on her and he's like
isn't my breath and sister checks out
this farmhouse while only Lester walk
around outside zombie mumbling like I
don't wanna be lonely no mall then sis
finds a faceless female faceless as in
eyes without a face
faceless as in too many teeth showing
faceless and as she runs into bed and
he's like we got a boat up this house
because lonely Lester won't be lonely
for long can you imagine this film
releasing in 1968 one month before the
rating system started people pulling up
with a children on a Saturday night all
round round get around I get around and
see this movie in shock like we was just
here for fun challenge or baby boomer
America but mama the next day drinking
coffee and puffing on her elegant Lucky
Strike into Sunday school meeting like
we saw that trash don't take the
children meanwhile they'll cheer me
upstairs in the playroom telling the
other 12 year olds and his Stand By Me
Posse man y'all got sneaked in to see
that movie history and you might be
asking me
Jeff why you dr. Elson well because BAM
fights off zombies kill zombies and
builds up the house for half the movie
okay but in the meantime bands like Shh
I don't need nobody I saw about 60 of
them and I just bolt right through them
and my only regret is I only bought a
spare damn it and it's just to start
telling her story and she says I saw
that one and I said good evening you
lying [ __ ] you ain't say nothing to
lonely Lester but Ben's like look lady
we all have our sad stories except when
I told mine I didn't freak the hell out
now call me a booty down and take a
snooze by the time sis wakes up been
done found himself a rifle and sis a
pair of shoes then Ben ventures upstairs
and might I just add if you gonna get a
bye zombie do so on a row so you can get
dragged away ever loosely it's just good
manners then Tom and Harry pop out the
center but I'm just like where's dick
and Ben is like where the hell was y'all
when I was boarding this house up for
half the movie alone you know how many
windows this place has I didn't either
but I sure as hell do now and then they
fight about where they gonna stay I say
we stay up here I say we go down to the
cellar here sell them here settle up you
know what I don't give us what you do
just get y'all stupid I'm down to the
cellar bougas what's down in the cellar
Harry angry wife and his zombie bit
daughter didn't know back then but we
all know now the first bit to get big
got to get to boot a hairy Helen Cooper
argue all the damn time show me a merry
couple of adult cuz Harry having trouble
keeping his nuclear family from becoming
food which entire lease him to having
troubles putting food on his new killer
family
so Harry Helen and Karen Cooper try
saying that three times fast
Harry Helen Karen Cooper heron Kelly
coop and Cara Helen Keller hey Poe
coupie they just your typical family
unit
daddy always got to be right public
hopes by hitting hooch mama always
passive-aggressive in her disagreement
with a lockdown on the couch child
always be a sickly near time-sucking
mooch so the new blended family gathers
around the boob tube hoping for relax an
episode of the Patty Duke show place did
they just see this news anchor he says
well in light of recent events that have
ensued
we here at you are f ke D have concluded
that you're all doomed and you should
all just tell some a loved one grab what
you can and run
here's a scientist what do you say
scientists I agree with you completely
Bob they should all just tell someone
loved one grab what they can and run and
set some bits on file along the way I
wish we were in the future and had some
Elon Musk flame those because those
could be really fun right about now back
to you Bob
in other news an elderly man saved a
basket of often kittens today need them
all sweaters that said love you muffin
and viagra has been linked to erectile
dysfunction welcome to five steps to f
up the zombie apocalypse Without Really
Trying step 1 team up with some idiots
step 2 try and fail to get some gas in
your truck step 3
get blowed up step 4 allow zombies to
enjoy a family picnic on your Kolb's
barbecue
step 5 say fellas could I have some of
that Bobby q remember you two can't F up
the zombie apocalypse while idiots were
getting blown up Ben got locked out and
Ben forces his way back in and beats the
hell out of Herod and then the news
shows some locals working with the law
enforcement and this one is like well
earlier I saw about 250 of them sons of
guns coming up out the woods and I just
start shooting well first I'll start and
then an I start shooting - shot my own
gran - - not granted grandpappy son or
daughter I don't give a shoot [ __ ] so
that's what Ben does you don't try to
grab a man's piece the hare stumbles on
down the steps and dies next to his
daughter and this is the part of the
movie where Michael puts his hand on the
woman's shoulder and says what's the
problem Lou goes back lonely Lester not
so lonely no mom
way to go Lester then downstairs the
daughter come back to life well that's
how kids be you give them everything
they want and they still eat you out of
house and bone back upstairs lonely
Lester's like haha since I don't stow
your sibling ain't just just like people
I'll look at this lovely family home
let's see if we can wreck it back
downstairs man finds undead Harry and
puts him down again and then kills the
woman that's already there so he ain't
gotta put her down twice and the next
morning Ben is the only one alive and
another kind of mindless zombie group
shows up and don't ask no questions and
kills been trying to restore order and
become monsters themselves and that's
all I have to say about that so you may
glean from it what you will do and be
sure to LIKE share and subscribe
push that little ring-a-ding bell so you
don't miss your regular fix with math
you can expect me to upload more videos
before the zombie apocalypse full movies
explain fall I'm Jeb lonely down come on
over Lester I don't care if your
brother's rank